here man crap right behind his ears yeah
I'd be on the field
damn he's all cut up is no keep that
tight he's barely hooked dude yeah I
know
here you want to put these on and do it
here take the grab right behind me it's
right down the gills right now grab them
we have a fucking nut anywhere now get
him up on the beach yeah yeah bring them
up there Beach long fucker no don't be
doing that Joe I just go in there
they'll fuck you up man you got some
beef guys got the grab grab them right
behind the gills and squeeze really hard
it numbs them right behind you hmm
yeah grab just right behind the gills we
don't have any more celery
that is a big fucking fish spring up on
the beach I take your shoes off you
don't like being on the beat they can
tell you that right now
I just take my take off your shoes now
get in there just grab them watch it
yeah what I'm talking about
damn hold on you barely hug dude yeah go
oh my god